{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Charged: Ides\par
by Brian McEvoy\par
Chapter 01\par
\par
"It's not safe to use your real name anymore."\par
\par
"You expect me to pick some super-hero name? Like what? Fantasmo Woman? Ultramazing  Girl?"\par
\par
"Sure, any of those are great," I said, "if you're a stripper."\par
\par
"What do you call a girl who breaks everything?" She picked an empty soda can from  the grass. We watched as the paint turned black then blistered. The tab dulled and  fell away followed by the lid. Finally, it fractured at her fingers like a frozen  soap bubble. \ldblquote Destructo Lass? I kind of like that.\rdblquote\par
\par
I snorted under a laugh. \ldblquote Very golden era sounding.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want anything like your name,\rdblquote  she said with finger quotes. \ldblquote No offense,  bro.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with it?\rdblquote  I asked. Elizabeth, Lizzy, Liz, my sister always said \ldblquote No  offense\rdblquote  when she said something offensive, or \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to alarm anyone,\rdblquote  when  she wanted to freak people out.\par
\par
\ldblquote Nothing, but it doesn\rquote t make any sense.\rdblquote  She picked a stick off the ground. \ldblquote It\rquote s  like a race horse\rquote s name or some weird billionaire's yacht.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote So, there\rquote s nothing,\rdblquote  I said around finger quotes, \ldblquote wrong with it, but you hate it,  and it doesn\rquote t make sense.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Forget it.\rdblquote  She threw the stick over her should and walked to my car.\par
\par
I rolled my eyes and went to the driver door. The car was locked, and the keys  bulged in my jean pocket.\par
\par
\ldblquote Open the door, Dawson, or should I call you DesertIrish from now\emdash\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote DON\rquote T.\rdblquote  I slammed the roof of the car with the keys in my fist. \ldblquote You can do what  you want. You don\rquote t have to have a name. I just think that it\rquote s\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  she crossed her arms. "Afraid everyone is going to hear your code name?" Liz  swept her arm behind her. The closest people was a little girl on a jungle gym.\par
\par
\ldblquote I get paranoid wh\emdash\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  she interrupted. She was staring at the deep scratches in the car\rquote s  otherwise perfect roof.\par
\par
Lizzy lifted her shoulders and dropped them. \ldblquote It's just \'85  my friends don't even  know.\rdblquote  With a little energy, I made the scratches in the car\rquote s paint disappear. The  roof was perfect again. Lizzy watched but kept her arms crossed.\par
\par
Liz rolled her head back. \ldblquote So. If people don\rquote t know about it then why do we need  fake names?\rdblquote\par
\par
I didn't want to lift that fleece, but it was a good question. \ldblquote Fair enough. I won't  bug you again.\rdblquote\par
\par
She nodded, and her arms fell to her sides. \par
\par
\ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s just my thing,\rdblquote  I said.\par
\par
\ldblquote You and probably every comic book nerd. So, how did you get better?\rdblquote\par
\par
She meant my ability to do things like repair the paint on the car roof.\par
\par
\ldblquote Practice. Work.\rdblquote  I smiled. "Calories."\par
\par
"Yeah, pudgy," she called me.\par
\par
Liz and I could both fit on a folding chair. Our mom was slender, and her mom may  have been a broom handle.\par
\par
"I have an idea." Liz dropped her elbow down hard on the rearview mirror. I heard it  snap. With another hard jab, it came off and hit the ground then glass particles  chimed on the blacktop.\par
\par
\ldblquote Ahhh, fuckin\rquote  aa!\rdblquote  She rubbed her elbow. \ldblquote Got anything to repair my elbow?\rdblquote  she  asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote Ask Charley when we get home.\rdblquote  Charley was our younger brother. He could fix people  the way I restored cars.\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah. He kind of lucked out there, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  Liz said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Depends on how you look at it," I said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah.\rdblquote  Charley could undo people's injuries, but they lost their memories too.\par
\par
I walked around the car and picked up the rearview mirror. No one but my sister was  watching. With some energy, I felt the mirror lose weight and disappear. It  reappeared on my car with an unbroken mirror but still hanging at an angle. With a  bit more effort, it righted itself and looked like it just rolled off the sales lot.  After driving it for a year, it had ninety-nine miles on the odometer. If this car  had memory, it would have forgotten about my sister's assault.\par
\par
Lizzy said, \ldblquote So I\rquote ve got the opposite of that.\rdblquote  She picked up another stick, and it  turned to brittle kindling in her hand. \ldblquote Can you fix that yet?\rdblquote\par
\par
I picked up a scrap of bark and smears of dark powder covered my fingers. It smelled  like the bottom of a refrigerator left unplugged for a month. As I held it, I felt  space for energy so I pushed and it got heavier as the wood reformed in my hand and  the dark dust disappeared from my fingertips. More and more power went in, but  leaves wouldn\rquote t regrow. \ldblquote See,\rdblquote  I held the twig out to her, \ldblquote I still can\rquote t do living  things. The leaves won\rquote t regrow. This is just dead wood now. Even Charley can\rquote t  bring things back to life.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I think if I had powers like Charley\rquote s,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote I would go to the hospitals and  cure people who were nice. You know, chat them up and see if they\rquote re good people.  Then just leave after healing them.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote The nurses would get suspicious. Plus everyone you healed would essentially have  amnesia," I said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Geez Dawson, I just want to help some people.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  I said, \ldblquote I know you would. I think Charley would too.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her eyes narrowed. \ldblquote He doesn\rquote t want to screw with people\rquote s lives, Dawson. How would  you feel if you woke up in a hospital bed, feeling dandy, and the nurses tell you  that a few hours ago your legs were missing and you\rquote d been in a coma for a week?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I get it," I said. "That would be weird. Don\rquote t you think that\rquote s better than not  having legs?\rdblquote  I imagined a white-coated doctor tapping my leg and shaking his head.  I cracked a smile.\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah. What if you lost someone in an accident? What if your kid died and you didn\rquote t  even remember it? What if you woke up, feeling perfectly all right but your son was  gone? Don\rquote t you think that would cause some pretty messed up emotions?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Sure," I said, "but \'85 isn't it still better than ALSO being messed up?\rdblquote  \par
\par
She looked at me with a cocked eyebrow.\par
\par
All I could do was give a small shoulder shrug and say, \ldblquote Who\rquote s to decide what\rquote s  better? You and I can\rquote t. Charley probably tosses every night wondering if he should  be helping people at the hospital or leaving them alone.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I know what I would do,\rdblquote  Lizzy said fast.\par
\par
I looked at her. \ldblquote Really? I don\rquote t think I do.\rdblquote\par
\par
She walked away from the car toward a baseball diamond. Maybe it was a softball  field. I don\rquote t know if there\rquote s a difference. \par
\par
I pointed to the car and jingled my keys. "I thought we were leaving. Hello?" I  followed Liz onto the grass.\par
\par
When Liz got to the outfield, she sat down hard enough that she squeaked, then  pulled up some grass, turned it to dust, and let it fall into the wind.\par
\par
I stood so the sun wouldn\rquote t be in her eyes. \ldblquote Have you ever hit yourself with it?\rdblquote  I  asked.\par
\par
She looked up at me with her hand shading her eyes. "How do you mean?"\par
\par
\ldblquote Like, have you ever accidentally made some skin decompose?\rdblquote\par
\par
"Oh," she looked back at the ground and shook her head. \par
\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t believe in animal testing, right?\rdblquote  \par
\par
She shook her head. "Eww. Don't even ask."\par
\par
\ldblquote Good.\rdblquote  I held out my left hand, palm down. \ldblquote Try it on me a bit. Slowly. Be  careful.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think that\rquote s a good idea,\rdblquote  Lizzy smirked. \ldblquote At least not unless you piss me  off.\rdblquote\par
\par
I snorted. \ldblquote You assaulted my brand-new Lexus. I should be pissed at you. Not the  other way around.\rdblquote  We laughed. \ldblquote Seriously, do it before I chicken out. Just a little  area.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her eyes narrowed on my palm, and she scrunched up her face. \par
\par
The back of my hand itched like it had a crust of dried glue.\par
\par
Chapter 02\par
I walked downstairs from my old bedroom. \ldblquote Hey, Lizzy!\rdblquote  I called to the whole house.  \ldblquote Are we going to the park or what?\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley was at the bottom of the stairs. \ldblquote It\rquote s night, man.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Wait, what? How long was I asleep?\rdblquote  I checked my phone. It was eight at night.\par
\par
\ldblquote No, man. You and Liz already went to the park. Didn\rquote t you read your note?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What note? Oh no! You mean\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  Charley said to his feet.\par
\par
"Thanks." I took a deep breath and walked back to my room. I could remember the park  now, talking with Liz, she broke my mirror, and I fixed it. I restored the roof of  my brand-new, two-year-old car. Liz was ripping up grass when I said she could test  on me.\par
\par
Beside my bed was a folded piece of notebook paper with my name on the outside. In  my handwriting, I described everything I remembered from the park. "Liz put some  energy into the back of my left hand it got itchy right away. Then it stopped  itching except at the corners because it lost feeling. All the nerves must have been  fried. It looked like a bruise at first, now it is just gray and kind of cold. The  edges still itch. I passed out at the park because it got pretty intense and Liz  drove me home. Charley said he would help. Remember to thank him. There are pictures  in my phone."\par
\par
I still owed Charley a real apology. Nothing was wrong with me, but my internal  clock said it was two in the afternoon, not seven at night. Five hours were gone  forever. I wouldn't be able to sleep tonight. This happened every time, but this  must have been better than whatever happened I saw in my hand. I slowly ran  fingertips over the backs of both my hands. Two. Perfectly normal. Hands. There was  a little flaky patch on the backside of the left one, but it could have been my  imagination.\par
\par
I found the pictures of my hand taken in the passenger seat. There was a round gray  patch, yellow at the outsides, from my thumb to pinkie finger. A bubble formed in my  stomach and it turned a few times. That was my body. That was not cool.\par
\par
Charley walked into my room. \ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote\par
\par
I swallowed and handed him my phone. \ldblquote Yeah. Could you delete those pictures? I don\rquote t  want them anymore. No wonder.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote No wonder?\rdblquote  he asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote No wonder I asked you to back that stuff off of me.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote No problem.\rdblquote  Charley handed my phone back. \ldblquote There you go.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Thanks, man,\rdblquote  I said. "I always appreciate it."\par
\par
He shrugged and tipped his head then cracked a smile. \ldblquote I wish I could do what you  do.\rdblquote  His eyes went to his feet.\par
\par
\ldblquote Fix, cars? You wish you could spend your days sitting in old beaters?\rdblquote\par
\par
He looked up. \ldblquote Yeah, that too. You take care of Lizzy and me. And dad too.\rdblquote  Yeah,  our dad.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d do the same. For the family I mean.\rdblquote\par
\par
He nodded. \ldblquote I would.\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley could make me smile no matter what. \ldblquote Hey,\rdblquote  I said, \ldblquote maaaaaybe you could get  a job at the pound,\rdblquote  I said sarcastically, \ldblquote and turn old, sick dogs into puppies so  other people can adopt them.\rdblquote  He laughed with me.\par
\par
\ldblquote Orrrrrrr, you could get a job repairing watches and, here it comes,\rdblquote  he leaned in,  \ldblquote turn back time.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Ohhh, pun, triple point score!\rdblquote  I thought a second, \ldblquote You could keep models looking  young, forever, and then just keep giving them the same paycheck over and over until  you fill a whole year\rquote s worth of a magazine.\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley wrinkled his brow. \ldblquote That barely makes sense.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It makes sense," I laughed. \ldblquote So anyway, I was thinking of a street name for you.  What about The Catcher?\rdblquote  I waited for his reaction. \ldblquote Like The Catcher in the Rye.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Firstly Dawson, that\rquote s a gay thing, which fine, whatever. Secondly, have you read  that book? Because I haven\rquote t.\rdblquote  His went back to his feet.\par
\par
\ldblquote No, I haven\rquote t read it either,\rdblquote  I said. "He sounded cool."\par
\par
He smiled a bit and looked up, \ldblquote But it\rquote s got a lot of mythology attached to it.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, like what?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
He sighed, \ldblquote I don\rquote t know. It\rquote s a pretty famous book.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, there\rquote s that. I\rquote ll keep thinking.\rdblquote  I didn\rquote t know what else to say. At least  Charley was on board with having a street name.\par
\par
He looked around my room. \ldblquote What were you thinking for dinner?\rdblquote\par
\par
It still felt like early afternoon to me, and I wasn\rquote t ready for dinner. \ldblquote Oh, um.  I\rquote m not feeling it. Just wanna order everyone a couple pizzas?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Sure.\rdblquote  Charley went to find Lizzy and have her call Gary\rquote s Pizza with the order,  then answer the door for him. He left the room with a twenty-dollar bill and two  fives.\par
\par
There were grass clippings on my pants from the park I didn\rquote t remember visiting.  They went in the hamper, and I put on a fresh pair. Downstairs, Liz and Charley were  watching a reality show about the mundane lives of Hollywood stunt doubles. Who  wants to hear about a stuntman who also loves to prune bonsai trees?\par
\par
\ldblquote Hey?\rdblquote  Lizzy said, but she wouldn't look at me. \ldblquote How ya doing?\rdblquote  She smiled with her  mouth but not her eyes. \par
\par
I smiled, and her eyes met mine. \ldblquote Just peachy. It\rquote s not the right time of day  though. Did you order breadsticks? I guess I am kind of hungry.\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley shook his head.\par
\par
Lizzy said, \ldblquote No. Didn\rquote t know you wanted any.\rdblquote\par
\par
I shrugged. \ldblquote No biggie. Do we still have cold cuts?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote You can have some of my pizza,\rdblquote  Charley said.\par
\par
\ldblquote What did you get?\rdblquote  I asked on my way to the kitchen.\par
\par
\ldblquote Sausage and pineapple.\rdblquote  Lizzy rolled her eyes. Those were dad\rquote s favorite toppings.\par
\par
The fridge had a few slices of deli meat and some cheese. I called over the door, \ldblquote I  might have a slice or two.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote OK, cool,\rdblquote  Charley shouted back.\par
\par
I started a sandwich with some rye bread I bought yesterday. It was the first time  anyone else in the house had seen an unsliced loaf of bread. Our bread knife was  used for the first time. The mustard was due for a bar mitzvah pretty soon but a  little energy and it smelled all right.\par
\par
This house used to have worn out shingles, a crooked chimney, three cracked windows,  blue siding that looked more like dirt than the sky, squeaky floors and stairs,  stained carpet, sunburnt walls and a front door that got lower to the ground as you  got further from the hinges. Now all those things were \ldblquote good as new.\rdblquote  Everything in  the house looked like it was still under warranty. The acid green toaster, a relic  from a different decade I had never seen, made toast like a champ now and the color  was already retro. If it weren\rquote t for the fabric coated wire, it could have come from  the store this morning. The matching refrigerator used to keep me awake as a kid,  but now I could sleep next to it. I felt a little homesick now that everything  worked.\par
\par
Was a twenty-year-old guy supposed to stare at the kitchen wall and think about the  past?\par
\par
The doorbell rang and I heard bare feet walk to the door on smooth, level hardwood  floors.\par
\par
When I was ten, the dishwasher wasn\rquote t even plugged in. It just held some pots and  pans that didn\rquote t fit in the cupboard. Now it washed dishes.\par
\par
I wrote \ldblquote sammich stuff\rdblquote  on the shopping list and sat on the couch with everyone. A  dry red maple leaf had come in with the pizza and sat on the shoe mat by the door.\par
\par
\ldblquote Did you bring plates?\rdblquote  Lizzy asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote For YOUR pizza?" I wiggled into place. "No, but I have my plate right here, sissy.\rdblquote   I held up the uneaten sandwich.\par
\par
Charley got up from a leather lounge chair that used to sport duct tape and  cigarette burns, then came back with two more plates. \ldblquote Smart ass,\rdblquote  she said to me.  \ldblquote Thanks, Char\rdblquote  she said to Charley.\par
\par
They each took two slices of pizza from the box on the coffee table. This coffee  table was unremarkable because it had four legs, even paint with no chips and a  shiny top with zero gashes.\par
\par
\ldblquote What are we watching?\rdblquote  I asked Lizzy who had the remote.\par
\par
\ldblquote Something about hunting ghosts, I think.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Think they\rquote re real?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
Liz laughed. \ldblquote No, they\rquote re definitely implants!\rdblquote  She was referring to the overweight  man cohosting the show, and we all laughed. \par
\par
Ha ha. \ldblquote Think I should get mine done?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote Get an ass implant too,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote for some balance of course.\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley piped in, \ldblquote Get \lquote em big enough that you can bust the buttons off your shirt.  Then fix it, people will love that.\rdblquote\par
\par
Liz laughed the hardest at that. Charley didn\rquote t joke much, especially in a ribald  way. He used that word once, and it struck me as a very Charley thing to say.\par
\par
The laughter stopped when the front door opened. Dad was home.\par
\par
"Woo. Smells like pizza!\rdblquote  He walked into the living room and glanced at the heavy  cohost on television. They shared the same body type, but dad needed a shave and  haircut, and a good job. He worked a regular 8-5 at a snow plow factory, and never  came home before seven. He just crashed and woke up here. Without invitation or  warning, he sat down between Lizzy and I then grabbed a slice of Charley\rquote s pizza.  \ldblquote My favorite, thanks, guys.\rdblquote\par
\par
He smelled like he drank a beer with his shirt which was missing a button. I threw a  little power at it without thinking, and the button was back in place. He had  already eaten to the crust of his pizza.\par
\par
\ldblquote What are we watching?\rdblquote  he said with a full mouth.\par
\par
Liz said, \ldblquote Nothing. Just a show about ghosts or something. It's dumb.\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley watched his plate instead of the television.\par
\par
\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you home early?\rdblquote  I asked. It wasn\rquote t two in the afternoon as I thought. I  sighed at myself.\par
\par
\ldblquote Nah, I\rquote m not picking up hours at the shop anymore, so I only worked \lquote til five.\rdblquote  He  helped himself to another slice of Charley\rquote s pizza. \ldblquote Where are the pepper  sprinkles?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I threw them out a few weeks ago,\rdblquote  Liz said. \ldblquote They were old as hell. Do you want a  plate or something?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll put peppers on the shopping list,\rdblquote  Charley said.\par
\par
"Ready for that plate?" Liz asked again. "You're making a huge fucking mess."\par
\par
\ldblquote You guys don\rquote t know what you\rquote re missing. Hot peppers with sweet pineapple is a  fantastic combination. You mind doing the shopping tomorrow?\rdblquote  dad said and elbowed  me hard enough to slide my sandwich across the plate. He wouldn't get paid until the  end of the month.\par
\par
\ldblquote I shouldn\rquote t drive a lot. I don\rquote t have insurance on the car. I don\rquote t need it, per  say.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s bologna.\rdblquote  Even when he was drunk, he wasn\rquote t a vulgar man. He spoke well of  women, and he didn\rquote t swear. \ldblquote What if you get pulled over, they\rquote ll ticket you for  sure. Cops in this town aren\rquote t forgiving, and you look like a college brat so they  won\rquote t be gentle. You get my drift, right?\rdblquote  He elbowed me again and I squeezed my  sandwich from the top. Now it had a thumbprint but no nibbles.\par
\par
My dad lugged snow plows across a factory floor all day. He was stronger than he  knew. \par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll call the insurance company in a bit,\rdblquote  I said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Kiddo, they\rquote re closed.\rdblquote\par
\par
I sighed at myself again, and I caught Charley smirking at my mistake. \ldblquote I mean in  the morning.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Good, go through my company. Those insurance companies on TV with stupid gimmicks  aren\rquote t worth jack. Get insurance from someone you can see. Not a lizard.\rdblquote  He elbowed  my sister, \ldblquote Right, Lizzy?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Ugh, dad! Knock it off. That hurts. I\rquote m going to my room.\rdblquote  She tossed her plate on  top of a pizza box and walked off with both.\par
\par
Dad watched Liz go. \ldblquote Well, excuse me.\rdblquote  He rolled his eyes, took another piece of  pizza and tried to watch a commercial about a local magic show tomorrow at  Riverfront Park.\par
\par
I managed two bites of my sandwich and set the plate down. \ldblquote Which insurance company  do you use?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote American Time. \lquote Merican." Hehe. His eyes were only half open.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll call\'85in the morning.\rdblquote  He had a point about getting pulled over. If I was in an  accident, I could fix the cars myself and pretend there was no harm. If I got pulled  over, I\rquote d be looking at a ticket and a fine.\par
\par
\ldblquote Atta boy. What\rquote s with this guy?\rdblquote  He pointed at the fat cohost, \ldblquote He an expert or  something?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s a national ghost hunter and a professor at a college in Maine,\rdblquote  Charley said.\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s just ridiculous. If I found out I was in a class taught by someone who  hunted ghosts I\rquote d walk right out.\rdblquote  Dad gulped a pizza crust and leaned back on the  couch.\par
\par
Charley put his plate down. \ldblquote He works at a paranormal research college actually.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Uh huh. Ever seen a ghost?\rdblquote  dad asked.\par
\par
Charley and I shook our heads.\par
\par
\ldblquote When I was younger, before I had you guys, I saw a family of ghosts. My buddy,  Joey, and I were fishing off his parent\rquote s dock. It was pretty late, and we snuck a  few beers because it was the cabin. Everyone drinks at Joey\rquote s. So, we were putting  bait on by moonlight and casting into a nice little patch of weeds. I remember we  caught more little perch that night than anything I\rquote d ever seen. Anyway, Joey drops  a beer in the lake. It\rquote s not open, so we both get on our hands and knees to fish it  out of the lake, but something\rquote s not right.\rdblquote  He paused. \ldblquote But the reflection in the  water wasn\rquote t Joey and me, it was this old family, like a mom and a dad and two kids.  They were wearing nice old clothes, and she had an old sun umbrella. They weren\rquote t  haunting or anything, just looking like they were having a day out at the lake. They  didn\rquote t look ghostly. In fact, they were full color. Swear to heaven. Joey saw the  same thing. We watched for a solid five minutes. Weren\rquote t scared or anything. They  never looked at their reflection or us.\rdblquote\par
\par
I thought he was telling the truth. Who knows if that wasn\rquote t a time abnormality  caused by someone else with powers. Maybe someone was playing a trick with time and  space. Perhaps he was a dumb drunk teenager.\par
\par
Dad started to nod off. I grabbed my plate and put it in the dishwasher. Charley did  the same and put the last slice of pizza in foil with most of my sandwich. \ldblquote What do  you think?\rdblquote  Charley asked. \ldblquote About the story.\rdblquote\par
\par
I shrugged my shoulders. \ldblquote It might be true. Powers?\rdblquote\par
\par
He grunted. \ldblquote Could be. Who knows.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I probably shouldn\rquote t drive you two to school. No insurance and all.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, all right. That\rquote s fine.\rdblquote\par
\par
We heard dad peel himself off the couch and heard his work boots go up the stairs  for his nightly shower. Lizzy shut her bedroom door which was next to the bathroom.\par
\par
\ldblquote Wanna play some Call of Duty?\rdblquote\par
\par
I smiled. \ldblquote Let\rquote s do this, bro. Waaait, do you have any homework?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Probably.\rdblquote\par
\par
I stood with my feet together.\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah. Writing and geometry. After that?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Sure thing. I\rquote ll warm up a controller in the meantime. I could use the practice.\rdblquote\par
\par
He smiled. \ldblquote You\rquote ll need it.\rdblquote  He went upstairs and I went into the living room.\par
\par
The dishwasher would run for about an hour, and that should drown out the game.\par
\par
Charley finished his homework and proved that I still needed more practice. He  mopped the floor with me.\par
\par
Liz came downstairs and said something about how we shouldn\rquote t play all night.\par
\par
Dad came downstairs in a threadbare robe. \ldblquote Mind if I cut in?\rdblquote\par
\par
He didn't smell like a bar, and he had shaved. \ldblquote Sure,\rdblquote  I handed him, my controller.  His robe was older than me. Quite a lot of energy went into turning back the clock  on that ratty old thing. \ldblquote Knock it off,\rdblquote  he said when he realized what I was doing.  \ldblquote Don\rquote t bother with this old thing.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It looks good,\rdblquote  Charley said. \ldblquote Better anyway.\rdblquote\par
\par
Dad smacked his lips. \ldblquote Are there any cold cuts left?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote No, I finished them off. I\rquote ll pick more up tomorrow when I\rquote m shopping.\rdblquote\par
\par
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. \ldblquote Just as well. My bed is calling  anyway.\rdblquote  He got up off the couch. \ldblquote Don\rquote t keep Charley up all night. He\rquote s got  school.\rdblquote\par
\par
I nodded.\par
\par
\ldblquote Can you give Liz a ride to work tomorrow? I\rquote m planning to go out with the boys, so  I need the truck.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Sure,\rdblquote  I said. \ldblquote No problem.\rdblquote  Lizzy was a part-time waitress at a family restaurant  called Westerly\rquote s.\par
\par
I took the controller back. \ldblquote Warn me when it\rquote s ten, man,\rdblquote  I said to Charley, \ldblquote It  feels like it\rquote s barely dinner time to me.\rdblquote  I was going to be up all night. Fixing  the robe tired me out a little but not enough to knock me out.\par
\par
When Charley went to bed, I searched online for car insurance. I didn\rquote t want to walk  into an insurance agent\rquote s office without any idea of what to expect. Plus, there  were terms like liability, uninsured motorist coverage and principal driver. The  monthly premiums were all over the board. Liz had her license and Charley had a  learner\rquote s permit. They would be getting pulled over sooner or later. Dad was  probably right about the insurance.\par
\par
I still wasn\rquote t tired so I walked around the house on my tiptoes. In the basement,  under the stairs, was a Rubbermaid container of old photos. Inside that was a  jewelry box. My mom\rquote s old jewelry box. There wasn\rquote t any jewelry in it. Ever. She  didn\rquote t wear jewelry. Now it held all the pictures of her that my dad had ever taken.  She looked the same in all the pictures. It was no secret from us that our mom  didn\rquote t age. We inherited our secrets from her.\par
\par
There was a wedding photo with a younger version of dad. Pictures of her in the  hospital, there different times with there different newborns. There was a picture  of her holding a pineapple with a paper umbrella and a straw coming out of it. She  held her hand under it like it was for sale. The latest was her cutting a cake at my  tenth birthday party. The oldest was her sitting on a dock with her feet in the  water and the date was five years before I was born. \par
\par
I was getting close to the age mom, looked in the pictures, and I would look older  than her someday. Some of the photos were yellowing so I turned them back, and the  colors were all fresh. They didn\rquote t take much energy. Tomorrow, I would buy a film  scanner and make digital copies of all these. \par
\par
When it felt like bedtime, everyone else has been asleep for hours. I set my alarm  for seven on my phone. It was Friday now, probably a good day to look for a wrecked  car. I would need some more cash soon and restoring a car would sap enough energy to  put my sleep schedule back on track.\par
\par
While I was lying in bed, I thought about the first car I restored here. At the time  it seemed logical to restore a \lquote 69 Ford Mustang Boss 429 I found in the paper for a  few hundred dollars. The seller lived on a farm, and it was just something his kid  bought with the intention of restoring, but he never had the time or money. He said  that it was not a car people would pay big money for, so restoring it wouldn\rquote t be  profitable. It was drivable, so I brought it to the house. The Mustang sat on the  curb in the rain for a week while I cleared room in the garage.\par
\par
It took another week for me to put enough energy into the car to bring it back from  the dead. I didn\rquote t drive it during that week. She and I just sat in the garage. It  took a lot out of me, and I was always tired and hungry that week. She grew younger  while I grew exhausted. When I finally opened the garage door and started her, it  sounded like an orchestra of thunder. She didn\rquote t have insurance, but I peeled around  town in that muscle car all day. The first place we went was McDonald\rquote s because I  was starving. When I went through the drive-thru, I had to turn off the engine to  hear the speaker.\par
\par
That week I brought her to a classic car show. One guy, Clyde, asked too many  questions about the motor and specific parts he pointed to under the hood, but I had  no idea how to answer. I\rquote m not a gearhead. While he grilled me with questions, I  thought maybe I should be restoring antiques instead. People probably wouldn\rquote t ask  so many questions. When Clyde asked if he could drive it around the parking lot, I  tossed him the keys.\par
\par
When he came back, he looked at me funny but offered me a smile and a beer even  though I was seventeen and looked fifteen. He showed me his old Camaro and his \rquote 69  Corvette then introduced me to his wife. She held a plastic cup with red fingernails  the same color as the Camaro and the cup. Clyde told her about my Mustang, and she  started in with the questions too. He shook his head at her.\par
\par
That was my last car show.\par
\par
Now, I restored cars less than five years old. They had high resale value, and  people didn\rquote t ask about engine displacement. Whatever that was.\par
\par
I said a quick prayer for what I might find at the junk yards tomorrow. Maybe I  would find a Lexus or one of the new Buicks. Something recently totaled in an  accident was good for the money.\par
\par
Chapter 03\par
The next morning my alarm went off at seven. At least, I assume it did.\par
\par
Lizzy woke me up at ten by slamming doors all around the house. She could have been  playing hide-and-seek with a cat, but we didn't have a cat. The sun shouldn\rquote t even  be up yet, but managed had my morning shower and some granola with flax milk. Then  another two handfuls of granola. I\rquote d just ruined my lunch.\par
\par
\ldblquote What time do you work?\rdblquote  I asked Lizzy when she was getting a bottle of water from  the fridge.\par
\par
She sighed. \ldblquote Five thirty. I gotta be there for the dinner rush. Then I have to work  until midnight because there\rquote s a show downtown.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote At the civic center?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote Nah, at the park. A magic show or something. It\rquote s some local guy who\rquote s blowing up  Youtube.\rdblquote  She put a lid on her bottle and leaned against the counter. \ldblquote He\rquote s a big  dude, and he flies around, and does crazy shit with boomerangs. He\rquote s actually kind  of funny. He performed his whole show like a typical magician, then he does this  trick where a volleyball is bouncing, whatever, then it stops midair and pops, and  he looks like it was some kind of magical fluke. I actually laughed at that one.\rdblquote   She smiled while looking at the wall behind me. \ldblquote Here\rquote s the shopping list. I added a  few things.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Coming with me?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Grocery shopping? No thanks.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll buy you a donut.\rdblquote\par
\par
She stared at me hard. Donuts were what our mom used to bribe us to go grocery  shopping with her.\par
\par
Liz nodded, \ldblquote Yeah, sure.\rdblquote\par
\par
I finished my granola and looked at her revised list. She used a brown pen. Who has  brown pens? She wanted more sugary cereal and real milk. Lettuce, croutons, thousand  island dressing, and canned salmon. \ldblquote Are you on another salad kick?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote So what if I am?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Nothing, salad is great. I\rquote m gonna buy extra. How about those mini shrimp? Like  those on your salad?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Just get whatever,\rdblquote  she rolled her eyes.\par
\par
On the list, I circled her salad stuff with a regular black pen.\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, crap. I have to call the insurance place first.\rdblquote  \par
\par
I looked up American Time Insurance on my phone and told them my make and model and  walked out to the car and read them the VIN. The agent said that they would need to  do a visual inspection since their records showed it was a totaled car but it would  only take a few minutes. I told him I could be there in fifteen minutes. It was near  the grocery store.\par
\par
\ldblquote Hey,\rdblquote  I shouted out the kitchen, \ldblquote I have to stop at the insurance place so they can  look at the car. It shouldn\rquote t take long, and it\rquote s near Cub\rquote s.\rdblquote  Cub Foods was the  grocery store. \ldblquote Cool?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Nevermind then,\rdblquote  she shouted back. \ldblquote Can you get me a Bavarian cr\'e8me donut?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Only if you come with.\rdblquote\par
\par
She thought for a second. \ldblquote It might rain. Not worth it.\rdblquote\par
\par
I grabbed an umbrella and headed out in the Lexus. By the time I got to the office,  it was raining.\par
\par
The insurance salesman's name was on the full-length glass door, "Billy Jefferson."  Inside, there was enough room to open the door or stand at the receptionist's desk,  but not both at the same time. His name plaque said, "Jeremy." Along the wall were a  water cooler and two mugs, a couple of plastic chairs with a magazine table between  them, but no magazines.\par
\par
"Dawson?" Jeremy said.\par
\par
I nodded.\par
\par
"Great. I hope you didn't get too wet. Thanks for coming out on such short notice.  If you want to go see Billy, head down the hall, it's at the end." Jeremy smiled the  whole time and pointed away from the chairs.\par
\par
I had to shut the door before I could walk down the hallway. There were only two  doors, and there was a bathroom sink in one of them. "Thanks. It's not Minnesota  rain, just falling water."\par
\par
Jeremy patted his breast pocket. "Good to know. Thank you."\par
\par
Billy was in his forties, shook my hand hard enough to jostle my shoulder,  introduced himself, then grabbed his umbrella.\par
\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote last year's Lexus ES 350. Good car?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote She runs well and doesn\rquote t talk back,\rdblquote  I said.\par
\par
Billy laughed through his nose and ushered me out the door with his umbrella. \ldblquote I\rquote ve  just got to make sure your car isn\rquote t missing doors so you can\rquote t claim it in a week.  I have to check the V-I-N, odometer, ashtray.\rdblquote  He chuckled, \ldblquote I do actually check the  ashtray. Smokers have to pay a bit more. Do you smoke?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Nope. Don\rquote t smoke.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Good for you. It's a nasty habit. I keep trying to get Jeremy to quit." He pointed  back the way I cam. "You just met Jeremy. He smokes a pack a week. Which is better  than he used to but it\rquote s still gross." We walked up to my car under the umbrella,  "This is yours? It looks amazing for a totaled car.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I restore cars. So I take care of them.\rdblquote  I stopped myself from talking. Too many  people ask me questions like I am a mechanic.\par
\par
The umbrella slipped in Billy's hand. \ldblquote You must. This looks like it just rolled off  the lot. Can I check the inside?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Sure.\rdblquote  I handed him the key fob, and he got in on the driver\rquote s side. I ran around  to the passenger\rquote s seat.\par
\par
Billy started the car, wrote a few things down, checked the ashtray, no butts.  \ldblquote What\rquote s with the odometer?\rdblquote  he asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\par
He didn't smile and looked me straight in the eyes. \ldblquote Has the odometer been tampered  with?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so. What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\par
\par
He pointed at my dash. \ldblquote It\rquote s showing that the car has only eighty-eight miles. The  report shows that the car was totaled out at six-thousand miles.\rdblquote\par
\par
My palms were sweaty. He was cut out for his job. Dad's suggestion of a real person  for an insurance agent did not seem so smart now. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t do anything that would  mess with the odometer. Maybe that part is broken. Do I need that fixed? I don\rquote t  plan on selling the car or anything.\rdblquote\par
\par
Billy relaxed a bit. \ldblquote Show me how you did it. I won\rquote t tell.\rdblquote\par
\par
I wiped my palms on my pants. "I don't know how it happened. It has been stuck at  eight-eight since I got it."\par
\par
He handed me my fob and smiled with his eyes and mouth. \ldblquote Don\rquote t sweat it. I have a  pretty good idea of what you did.\rdblquote  He let that comment hang. "Come back inside where  it's not raining. If you can call this rain."\par
\par
I sat in the passenger's seat with my fob. \ldblquote Do I need to get it fixed?\rdblquote\par
\par
Billy shrugged and kept smiling. \ldblquote I said don\rquote t sweat it. We\rquote ll get the forms filled  out. What should I put for mileage?\rdblquote  He stood under his umbrella.\par
\par
I opened my door and stood in the rain. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote A one-year-old car would probably have," Billy wobbled his head left and right,  "eight to twelve-thousand. We\rquote ll split the difference. All right with you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Uh, I guess.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s head inside." He nodded toward the office door. "You must be getting soaked.  Hey, don\rquote t sweat it.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What am I not supposed to be sweating?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote I know what you did to the car.\rdblquote  He smiled with half of his mouth and winked. \par
\par
I didn't know people still winked. \ldblquote Oh?\rdblquote\par
\par
We went back inside and sat around his desk. His office was more spacious than the  reception area and had no water cooler. Billy put his hands flat down in front of  his keyboard. \ldblquote I\rquote ll come clean if you will.\rdblquote  He nodded at me. \ldblquote When someone lies to  me, I know they're lying, and I can see the truth immediately. It\rquote s a gift. I know  you reversed the accident damage to this car because you lied to me. However," he  nodded to the side, "that also reversed the odometer. This car looks like it drove  off the sales lot because you reversed the wear-and-tear until it was in the same  condition as when it rolled off the factory line. How was that?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Holy crap! You\rquote ve got to be kidding me.\rdblquote  The door was wide open. Actually, there  was no door, just bare hinges. Jeremy was at his desk and waved a little.\par
\par
Billy shook his head and smiled. \ldblquote It\rquote s a gift that comes in handy with my job. I  would have made a great detective too.\rdblquote\par
\par
This was the game I played with Charley. \ldblquote You could have been a reporter and found  every political scandal,\rdblquote  I said.\par
\par
"Hahahaha, oh ho. I don\rquote t think I could handle ALL those lies. So, you\rquote ve got that  gift, huh?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Humor? I guess so.\rdblquote  I dared a little smile.\par
\par
Billy's face blossomed. His smile went from his lips to his forehead. \ldblquote That too. Can  I see? I mean if that\rquote s all right.\rdblquote  He nodded toward a window where we could see my  car. "Can you only do cars?"\par
\par
\ldblquote Lemme see.\rdblquote  I bit my lip and looked around. There was a pair of sunglasses on his  desk, so I snapped them in half and handed a half across the desk. Then with a  little energy, I reversed the damage, and Billy\rquote s half disappeared. "Here you go," I  handed him the glasses for inspection.\par
\par
His mouth and eyes were wide open. \ldblquote You can do THAT with a car?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote It takes a lot longer, but yes.\rdblquote  I was smiling almost as much as Billy.\par
\par
He reclined in his chair, which hit the wall behind him. \ldblquote I want to throw a couple  of ideas your way, Dawson.\rdblquote  \par
\par
"Umm." My palms were sweating again.\par
\par
Billy waved his hands down. \ldblquote Let me enter your vehicle info here, and you relax a  minute." He turned to his computer. Everyone who insures a Lexus less than a decade  old gets their car insured against stuff like vandalism and hit and runs." He smiled  and cocked an eyebrow at me, "I suspect you don't want to pay for that.\rdblquote\par
\par
I nodded a little and let him work for a few minutes.\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to beat around the bush." He turned away from his computer. \ldblquote You\rquote ve  got something special, just like me. When did you get it?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\'85what?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote When did you get your gift? I was twenty-four. It happened to me when I was working  in New York. I was actually AT work. When I woke up in my office, people thought it  was the damnedest thing that I hadn\rquote t been to work in three days, but no one thought  to call me or anything. What about you?\rdblquote\par
\par
I sucked in my lips. \ldblquote I\rquote ve always been able to do this, since I was, like, ten. I  got it from my mom. My dad didn\rquote t let us use them. Mine started up right before my  mom left. I think they weird my dad out.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Siblings?\rdblquote  Billy asked. \par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, yeah, I\'85umm. This isn\rquote t really something\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote No! No, I understand. How about you and your family meet me for dinner? I\rquote d love to  talk with you all.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, uh thanks. My dad would probably freak out, and I don\rquote t know you that well or  anything.\rdblquote  I wiped my hands on my pants for about the fifth time.\par
\par
Billy held his hands up submissively. \ldblquote You\rquote re right. You\rquote re right. Let me get this  insurance info processed.\rdblquote  I heard the printer in the lobby whir up. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, I  haven\rquote t met more than a handful of people with our gifts. It\rquote s kind of exciting. I  never met anyone who inherited them though. I didn\rquote t know that was possible. Is  there anything else you need from me?\rdblquote\par
\par
I stood up. "I don't think so."\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, we got off on the right foot. I mean wrong foot. Earlier Jeremy and I  were discussing the whole right-brain left-brain thing, and I was thinking about the  right-brain versus left-brain thing when I said that and I just tripped all over my  words." Billy shook his head and looked down. "Seriously, Dawson, can I tell you  what I\rquote m thinking? If you hear me out, I\rquote ll respect your decision no matter what. If  you want to only think of me as your agent, I\rquote ll do that, but I want you to hear  what I\rquote ve got to say.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not promising anything.\rdblquote  I crossed my arms. I read somewhere that people who  cross their arms seemed defensive. \ldblquote What did you have in mind?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Thanks, Dawson. Okay, since I\rquote m in insurance, I see a lot of late model stuff get  wrecked, and my company pays it out. Then the original gets sent to the junkyard or  ship scrapyard or auction company or whatever. These things are perfect for you.  Restore a few and voila! You have a practically new car or truck or boat. With me so  far?\rdblquote\par
\par
I nodded but kept my arms crossed. "I already do that."\par
\par
\ldblquote Great. We're already on the same page. Now, I\rquote m not stupid enough to refer you to  cases I\rquote m handling, but I can view cases across the country. Last month I saw the  case of a yacht in Florida that hit another boat. The yacht still floats but due to  the cosmetic damage and potential structural damage we had to scrap it. You could  have bought that for a song, fixed it up and it would have sold it for one hundred  times what you paid. Now that ships is probably a collection of spare windows and  fold down cocktail tables. It was less than two years old, Dawson. The sticker price  on that was over one-point-two-million. You could have traded your Lexus for that  ship, and you could have traded that ship for a mansion on a lake.\rdblquote\par
\par
Billy glanced at my hands, and I realized my arms weren\rquote t crossed anymore. \par
\par
\ldblquote I know what you\rquote re thinking,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote The flip side is that I want to get a  referral bonus. I'll know what you buy and sell and I just want twenty-five  percent.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What about what happened earlier?" I pointed toward my car. "Someone is going to  inspect a car or a yacht, and the odometer won\rquote t be right, or the clock inside will  be suspicious, or something. You found me out in ten seconds.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s why you have me. I\rquote ll tell you what people look for before you sell. For  example, and I\rquote m telling you this in good faith. If you fix a car, you need to  report that the main computer was replaced and how many miles were on the original.  The official report will show that the displayed mileage is short by that many  miles. I think there\rquote s also something they can do with a computer that adds miles to  an odometer but it can\rquote t subtract.\rdblquote\par
\par
I crossed my arms again. \ldblquote What about a yacht?\rdblquote\par
\par
Billy smirked. \ldblquote Ambitious. With any yacht made in the last decade, you have to  correct the internal transponder. Black box. That\rquote s an easy setting on the main  control panel. It\rquote s as easy as setting the time on a VCR. Wait, people don\rquote t use  VCRs anymore. It\rquote s as easy as a coffee maker. Want to know the specifics of an  airplane? Jet liner? Golf cart?\rdblquote  Billy laughed and slapped a file cabinet. "All the  procedures for all those things are right here."\par
\par
\ldblquote Why do you know that about planes?\rdblquote\par
\par
Billy put his hands in his lap. \ldblquote I used to be an adjuster. I handled a lot of the  huge, and I mean HUGE, claims. If there was something suspicious and the company  didn\rquote t want to pay up, they would call me over, and I\rquote d find out what happened. I\rquote d  ask the client a few simple questions, and if they were the cause of the claim and  not the victim, I\rquote d know. Then I\rquote d prove it, and the company wouldn\rquote t pay.\rdblquote\par
\par
I crossed my arms. \ldblquote Why are you in Mankato? You used to be in New York handling  million dollar yachts, and now you\rquote re here.\rdblquote\par
\par
He looked at the ceiling and inhaled for a couple of seconds. He wasn't smiling.  \ldblquote Long story short, a mob boss told me to leave New York. Otherwise, I\rquote d still be  there. As fate would have it, Jeremy was in New York for training, we hit it off,  and the rest is history as they say.\rdblquote  He finished with a small smile on his mouth,  but not his eyes.\par
\par
I did not say anything for a while. My arms were still crossed. \ldblquote Let me think about  all this.\rdblquote\par
\par
Billy stood up. \ldblquote Sure! Take all the time you need.\rdblquote  He handed me a business card.  \ldblquote My phone number is on your insurance card, but this has my cell. Let me know if you  want to meet up for lunch. How about tomorrow?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, let\rquote s plan to talk tomorrow. That\rquote s fine. No promises though.\rdblquote\par
\par
He shook my hand, forearm, and shoulder as before. \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget your insurance  cards,\rdblquote  he called after me, \ldblquote they\rquote re on the printer.\rdblquote\par
\par
Jeremy handed me the insurance cards. "Thanks for coming in."\par
\par
I grabbed my umbrella from the reception area and walked into the rain without  opening it. \par
\par
What would have happened if I had used an online insurance company? I wouldn\rquote t have  met Billy. Was it a good idea to get into a deal with him? Could I trust him? What  was the risk? What was his risk?\par
\par
I put the damp insurance cards in the glove box and looked at the inside of the  Lexus. When I first got it, the passenger seat was lying limp on the back seats, the  steering wheel was bent backward, and the leather covering had two big tears. The  back seats were cut up especially behind the passenger seat, and the windows were  intimate with the floor mats. One hard weekend later and it was the most expensive  car anyone in my family had ever owned.\par
\par
For two years after the Mustang, I brought six cars and one pickup truck back to  life. It had been fabulous for income, and it wasn\rquote t suspicious for someone my age  to fix cars. This thing with Billy was a chance to raise the stakes. For good and  bad. Billy was the unknown factor. \par
\par
Chapter 04\par
At Cub\rquote s, I bought everything on the list, including a Bavarian cr\'e8me donut for  Lizzy. On the way home I called her. In high school, she was quite the Google  expert. \ldblquote Hey, Sis. Want to earn a Bavarian cr\'e8me donut?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I don't have time for your dumb games.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I'll add twenty bucks. Can you find everything on my insurance agent? His name is  Billy\'85\rdblquote  I pulled his card out of my pocket while I drove, \ldblquote Jefferson. So, William  Jefferson. He\rquote s from New York.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote How old is he?\rdblquote  she asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know. Mid-forties maybe.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote American Time Insurance?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah. Think you can find anything on him?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote His favorite movie is Braveheart, he likes Chinese food better than Mexican food,  he votes for Democrats and likes to hate the song about big butts. Oh, and he\rquote s  online right now.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Uh, really?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, Facebook doesn\rquote t hide much. He just accepted a friendship request from my  bogus account. Looks like he\rquote s into guys too.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Right. Can you find anything more than Facebook stuff? News articles from when he  lived in New York? That kind of stuff.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh ho ho, listen to my brother the detective.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Maybe this will help. He\rquote s special like us.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote WHAT\u8253? You\rquote re shitting me.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Nope, he knew I was lying about fixing up the Lexus, and he knew how I did it. Like  magic.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote No. Fucking. Way.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What? Did you find something?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote No. I just mean that he\rquote s like us. That's fucking intense," Liz said. "Think he  knows mom?\rdblquote\par
\par
I stared at a red stoplight for ten seconds. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think so. He didn\rquote t inherit  his power. He said something happened to him and he just had them one day. I need to  know if I can trust him.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote So what about all your paranoia about using fake names and stuff? Huh, Daws? You  totally got found out.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah. I wish I hadn\rquote t. Although if I had lied about my name, he would have known,  so it doesn\rquote t matter.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Whatever, you\rquote re just pissed that he found you out and you weren\rquote t clever enough.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Liz. Did you find anything else? I gotta hang up in a second. I\rquote m driving.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I get my twenty bucks, right?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote If you find some more stuff on him. Not just Facebook things. I don\rquote t really care  what color bath towel he likes.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve already got a few Am Time Insurance newsletters he\rquote s mentioned in. Pretty  boring stuff. I\rquote ll let you read that.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Lizzy, you\rquote re scary good at this.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote You love me. Bye.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Bye.\rdblquote\par
\par
This wasn\rquote t golden era comic books where a silk mask could fool everyone.\par
\par
When I pulled up to the house, I pulled out Billy's business card. There was a local  phone number. I could meet him for lunch and make my decision after talking to him.  Or I could keep fixing cars without his help. For now, I tucked the card into my  back pocket and carried a couple of bags inside the house.\par
\par
"Liz, can you give me a hand unloading the car?"\par
\par
"I'm still researching," she called from the couch. "I'll take my donut and fee  though." She held out her hand.\par
\par
I carried two paper bags by the couch and brushed by her hand on my way to the  kitchen. I unloaded lettuce, croutons, bacon sprinkles, but there was not enough for  two people. My black ink circle was not enough.\par
\par
The donut was in a waxed paper bag, which I set on the edge of the couch and draped  a twenty dollar bill over the top. "I have to grab one more bag. Be right back."\par
\par
After all the groceries were put away, and a squeaky cabinet hinge was fixed, I sat  next to the couch. \ldblquote Whatcha got for me, Watson?\rdblquote\par
\par
"Pft. You\rquote re no Sherlock Holmes." She spun the family\rquote s laptop around on the coffee  table. There was a folder with ten documents. \par
\par
\ldblquote Are they worth twenty bucks?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote Please. It's all public information. From what I can gather he\rquote s not too secretive.  Or he\rquote s very good at being secretive. What\rquote s your email? I\rquote ll send them to you.\rdblquote\par
\par
"DesertIrish at, um," I could not remember the rest.\par
\par
"I remember now," Liz said. \par
\par
My phone buzzed with her email. \ldblquote What time do you have to be at work?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote In about an hour. Ooh, I should get ready. Did you get insurance or did this guy  give you the creeper vibe?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I got both. I\rquote m not really sure what to make of this guy. Part of him seems honest  enough and the rest I\rquote m not sure.\rdblquote\par
\par
Lizzy walked up the wood stairs in socks and shouted down. \ldblquote From what I glanced at,  he\rquote s pretty serious about his job. At least he was a few years ago in New York. What  happened to make him leave? The newsletters didn\rquote t say anything about that.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote He said something about organized crime.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Drama.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote He met Jeremy right before that and moved here to be with him.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Jeremy Struthers? He\rquote s posting a bunch of \lquote Vote No,\rquote  pictures all over Billy\rquote s  Facebook wall. He\rquote s gay as a daisy. Drag queen too. A really good one.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote t realize you were into that, sis.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s pretty hot when he\rquote s not in drag. When will straight boys start grooming like  that? I ask you, is it too much trouble to use a little lotion?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Sis, do not ask that on your next date?\rdblquote\par
\par
Oh, \ldblquote Eww! Don\rquote t say that, I\rquote m your sister.\rdblquote\par
\par
"Haha. I\rquote m just giving you a friendly warning. How\rquote s BRADley anyway?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t say his name. We\rquote re not talking. How\rquote s your girlfriend?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s a bottle of lotion."\par
\par
"Oh, eww. Eww eww eww. I\rquote m not talking to you until tomorrow.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote My win. I\rquote m going to go through whatever you sent me. Just shout when you\rquote re ready  to\emdash\rdblquote\par
\par
Elizabeth threw open the door and dashed toward the bathroom in a ten-year-old bath  towel, \ldblquote I still need to put makeup on after my shower.\rdblquote\par
\par
"No problem. I\rquote ll be downstairs.\rdblquote\par
\par
On the couch, I read the documents. They were corporate newsletters naming Billy as  an \ldblquote upstanding\rdblquote  employee everyone else should model themselves after. He was awarded  a bonus for saving the company a few million dollars on a fraudulent claim. He was a  big shot in New York, then there were no more mentions of him.\par
\par
Billy followed the money. If I worked with him, I would trust him to have my back so  long as it was safe and profitable for him. If things went belly up, he would make  sure he wasn\rquote t around. This didn\rquote t put a definite halt on our deal, but now I knew  what he was after.\par
\par
Chapter 05\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  Lizzy said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Right.\rdblquote  We went to the car. \ldblquote Good work on the research by the way.\rdblquote\par
\par
Liz gasped and threw her head back. \ldblquote Fuck, I forgot my donut. Hold up a sec.\rdblquote  She  ran inside and ran back down the sidewalk a few moments later. \ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  she said  and landed on my seat.\par
\par
I drove her to work. Westerly\rquote s was where my high school friends used to go for  late-night coffee, then later it became our hangover spot. I knew the way.\par
\par
The restaurant was near a thrift store, so I headed there after dropping off my  sister. The parking lot was gravel and probably hadn\rquote t seen a Lexus in a while. I  liked thrift stores because everything in there was a few minutes away from being  brand new. \par
\par
Three stylish dress shirts would fit me and a tattered retro jacket with missing  stitches. The jacket had seen much better days. In the knick-knack section, I  restored a few of the chipped baubles that wouldn\rquote t sell without a little help.\par
\par
Near the cash register, I looked in a glass display case where they kept expensive  stuff. \ldblquote Are you making a Halloween costume?\rdblquote  the lady behind the counter asked. She  was holding up the ratty jacket.\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  I said. \ldblquote There\rquote s a zombie crawl at the bars this week.\rdblquote  I looked away  from her yes.\par
\par
She folded everything and put it in a plastic Cub Foods bag. \ldblquote That should be fun.  Twelve dollars and fifty-five cents.\rdblquote  She took my twenty and gave me my change.  \ldblquote Have a good time.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I will, thank you. Oh, wait, excuse me. That Super Nintendo in the case,\rdblquote  I pointed  into the glass case, \ldblquote is it for sale?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, I don\rquote t know if it works. I think it\rquote s mostly decoration," she said and  chuckled. "Let me see.\rdblquote  She took it out of the case. On the bottom was a sticker  that read 'Not Working. Any Reasonable Offer.' \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t know what it\rquote s  worth. Any idea?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Ten dollars?\rdblquote  I said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, shoot," she waved her free hand, "I thought you\rquote d say something like three. But  ten dollars, sure.\rdblquote  She rung it up and put it in my bag with the power adapter and a  controller with a cracked cord and yellow along one edge. \ldblquote That comes to ten  seventy.\rdblquote\par
\par
I gave her eleven dollars, took my change and thanked her again. On my way to the  mall, I put some energy into the console and controller until it was brand new. The  GameStop at the mall bought vintage game systems and a Super Nintendo in like-new  condition was probably worth the new Halo game. I took my clothes out of the bag and  set them on the passenger seat.\par
\par
The jacket fit well, so I applied some energy, and it looked new. My stomach  grumbled. I carried the Nintendo into the GameStop and traded it in. Halo four  wasn\rquote t out until next month, so I bought number three which we didn\rquote t have at the  house.\par
\par
With my game in hand, I went to Target and bought a film scanner, memory card, and  some all-natural granola bars.\par
\par
I spent the afternoon scanning photos. When Charley got home, we played Halo until  nine o\rquote clock when my phone rang. It was Liz's number. \ldblquote Hello?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Dawson, thank God." Liz paused for a sob. "Come and get me, I feel like shit.\rdblquote\par
\par
I stood up and tripped over the game controller. I must have dropped it. \ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ll  be right there. Hold tight," I said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote  Lizzy never said thank you.\par
\par
\ldblquote I gotta get your sister," I said to Charley. "She\rquote s not feeling too hot.\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley rolled his eyes. \ldblquote That time?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Grow up.\rdblquote  I headed out and didn\rquote t drive slowly.\par
\par
She met me at the front door of Westerley\rquote s. There were a couple of guys outside  dressed funny. Probably some of the theater students who drank bottomless tea there  all the time.\par
\par
\ldblquote Thanks.\rdblquote  She muttered. Her lips had color, but her face was pale. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her head lolled while I drove past the thrift store on the way home. \ldblquote Doing all  right there, Lizzy?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Im fen. Jus dribe.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Do we need to go to the hospital?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Im fen! Uh jus wan ta\'85\rdblquote\par
\par
"Liz?" I said. "Liz\u8253?" I shouted. No response.\par
\par
The map in my head said that we were closer to the house than the hospital and  Charley was at home. The tires squealed on the driveway, and we bottomed out the  curb. Elizabeth's head lolled forward when I stopped, and she flew back into the  seat. I threw open my door and found Charley in the living room, \ldblquote Get out here!  Something\rquote s wrong with Liz.\rdblquote\par
\par
He dropped his controller and ran outside with me. Elizabeth was tangled in the seat  belt. Even her lips were pale now. She slowly lifted her head when we came over. Her  eyes and cheeks twitched. I heard a bubbling sound in her throat that sounded like  my panged stomach earlier. The bubbling increased to a rattle.\par
\par
\ldblquote Lizzy,\rdblquote  I said, \ldblquote what\rquote s wrong\u8253?\rdblquote\par
\par
When I spoke, she started screaming but not words. She clawed at the window, and a  bloody nail broke off. She didn't slow down, she only spread more and more blood. It  was every zombie movie happening in my car. \par
\par
\ldblquote Turn her back!\rdblquote  I shouted at Charley.\par
\par
Charley stepped back, narrowed his eyes and exhaled through his nose. As he exhaled,  Liz stopped screaming and clawing. The inside of my window was clean.\par
\par
Charley used to have to touch us to turn us back. Now he could do it just by  looking.\par
\par
I looked at Charley, and he shook his head and kept shaking it. "She's alive," he  said.\par
\par
\ldblquote Go a little more but not too far. We have to find out what happened,\rdblquote  I said.\par
\par
Charley nodded. \ldblquote When did she call?\rdblquote  he asked. \ldblquote We have to turn her back to then.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Good thinking.\rdblquote  I checked my call log.\par
\par
Charley kept looking through the window. He asked quietly, \ldblquote Do you think she did  this to herself?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What\u8253? On purpose?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote God no!" Charley shouted. "Do you think her power fucked up and did this to her?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s hope not, but we have to find out. I\rquote ll pull the car in the garage. The  neighbors might have heard that.\rdblquote  The Lexus was built to be quiet. \ldblquote Go open the  door, will you?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah.\rdblquote  He ran inside.\par
\par
I sat in the driver\rquote s seat. Elizabeth was shivering and muttering, "Jus dribe. Just  dry. Drive." \par
\par
When we were in the garage, Charley shut the big door. I locked the car doors and  rolled her window down before I hopped out and relocked my door with the remote.\par
\par
\ldblquote Should I turn her back some more?\rdblquote  Charley asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, just do a few minutes at a time. It\rquote ll be all right, bro. She won\rquote t remember  this.\rdblquote  \par
\par
Charley looked away from us. \ldblquote I know. I mean, I know that, but she's going," he  stopped talking.\par
\par
Liz was moaning in the car and telling me to drive. \par
\par
\ldblquote I know. Just take ten minutes at a time until she\rquote s able to talk. She\rquote ll be  confused.\rdblquote  I nodded.\par
\par
\ldblquote I know. What time did she call?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Oh, right.\rdblquote  I pulled out my phone and rechecked the call log. \ldblquote She called at eight  forty-five. That\rquote s about twenty-five minutes ago.\rdblquote\par
\par
Charley stood with his feet apart and nodded. \ldblquote Is she looking better?\rdblquote\par
\par
Her skin wasn't ashen anymore. \ldblquote Lizzy?\rdblquote  I whispered. She didn\rquote t move. \ldblquote Liz? Liz.  Elizabeth. Wake up. It\rquote s Daws.\rdblquote  \par
\par
She lifted her head. It took her a couple of seconds to find me.\par
\par
I turned to Charley. \ldblquote She\rquote ll be all right. Give her five more minutes.\rdblquote\par
\par
She looked up and saw the Lexus and garage. \ldblquote You got here fast,\rdblquote  she mumbled with  her eyes half closed.\par
\par
\ldblquote Liz. What happened?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
\ldblquote Whatya mean?\rdblquote  Her skin was peach-colored, and she scowled a bit.\par
\par
Charley looked at me. I put my hand on his shoulder. \ldblquote Lizzy, what happened at work?  Why are you feeling sick?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Jeanine is such a bitch. I wanted to wreck her. She doesn\rquote t have any\'85common\'85\rdblquote  Liz  closed her eyes and sank into the seat.\par
\par
"A little more Charley," I said and squeezed his shoulder.\par
\par
\ldblquote Wow, we got here fast,\rdblquote  she said with her eyes wide open.\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah, what happened with Jeanine?\rdblquote  I asked.\par
\par
Liz looked around the car. \ldblquote Was I talking about her?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  I said. \ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote\par
\par
Liz sighed, and her eyes closed a bit. \ldblquote She was being stupid.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah? What did she do?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s dating a married guy.\rdblquote  She shook her head angrily and closed her eyes a bit  more. \ldblquote I was like, \lquote Seriously?\rquote\rdblquote  Elizabeth waved her hands, but her eyes were  closed. She pursed her lips. \ldblquote Then I got so pissed I just wanted to rot her guts  right there. But I didn\rquote t!\rdblquote  Her voice cracked. \ldblquote I just tucked all that anger inside.  I didn't hurt anyone." She fell forward against the seatbelt.\par
\par
I ran into the house and grabbed a pen and notebook from my room. Back in the  garage, \ldblquote Charley, get in the backseat. We have to go back and make sure everyone  else is all right.\rdblquote\par
\par
Chapter 06\par
}
 